{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f6\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs28\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ai\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern3300}}\deftab720
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\b\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b VETO 2014}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\b\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b Packet By The New Adventures Of Old Waterloo (Aaron Dos Remedios, Kira Vimal, Andrew Yim, Huma Zafar)}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b Questions By Aaron Dos Remedios, Kira Vimal, Huma Zafar}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\b\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b Tossups}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 1.  Because of her deep Islamic knowledge, which surpassed that of many of the scholars of her time, Hazrat Aisha was given an epithet referring to these people. In Jewish traditions, the 11th of Cheshvan is dedicated to celebrating these people, and a Cat
holic ceremony involving these people is known as \'93churching\'94. One of these people floated a basket down a river in defiance of the pharaoh's orders, while a dispute between two people claiming to be one of these was resolved by the Judgement of Solomon, w
hen he suggested cutting a boy in half. For 10 points, name these people, of whom Eve become the first when she bore Cain.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b mothers}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [prompt on things like \'93women\'94, \'93wives\'94, etc.]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 2. This person urged listeners to \'93sing your song/I\'92m listening/out where stars are glistening\'94 in a collaboration with Ed Robertson of the Barenaked Ladies.  This person described working with Roman Romanenko and the death of friend Rick Husband in a work
 that included advice like always asking what the next thing that could kill you is and \'93aiming to be a zero.\'94  In fall 2014, this person will begin a teaching position in the aviation program at the University of Waterloo.  In a Youtube video, this person
 did things like chase a floating guitar at a certain location in a cover of David Bowie\'92s \'93Space Oddity.\'94  For 10 points, name this RCAF fighter pilot who, from March to May 2013, served as commander of the International Space Station.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: Chris }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Hadfield}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [accept Ed }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Robertson}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  before mentioned; prompt on \'93Barenaked Ladies\'94 before mentioned]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 3.  An equation named for this person and a Frenchman expresses the spreading parameter as a function of the surface tension between the liquid and gas phases and the contact angle for a droplet on a rigid surface.  The requirement that a quantity named fo
r this person be positive is used to show that Poisson\'92s ratio must be both at least -1.0 and no greater than 0.5.  This person performed an experiment that disproved Gassendi's corpuscular theory and created a series of fringes on a screen corresponding t
o constructive interference patterns between a pair of coherent light sources. For 10 points, name this man who names a names the ratio of stress to strain when their relationship is linear in his namesake modulus and demonstrated the wave behaviour of lig
ht in his double-slit experiment.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  Thomas }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Young}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [accept }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Young-Dupr\'e9}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  equation before \'93positive\'94]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 4.  After taking on sole sovereignty in 1388 and reinstating the Marmousets, this monarch's initially successful reign led to the epithet 'the Beloved'. Later in life, this monarch acquired the epithet 'the Mad', due to psychotic bouts including refusal to
 bathe or change for months, and delusions of being made of glass. That mental instability may or may not have led to this king's sudden ordinance to expel the Jews from France in 1394 and release Christians from their debts. For 10 points, name this monar
ch of the House of Valois who inherited the throne in 1380 amidst the Hundred Years' War.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Charles VI}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 5.  This play ends with one character ordering, \'93Six o\'92clock tomorrow morning,\'94 to a character who had earlier stated that he only keeps the \'93healthy, rational hours eleven to five\'94. Another character in this play gives a pound to the woman he punched rath
er than accept her forgiveness, and is beaten by Mog Habbijem\'92s new lover, Todger Fairmile. Two characters in this play are nicknamed Cholly and Dolly, the latter of whom explains that his parents\'92 marriage is legal in Australia but not in England. Mrs. Ba
ines\'92s acceptance of Bodger\'92s donation of five thousand pounds drives Lady Britomart\'92s daughter to quit the Salvation Army and eventually marry Adolphus Cusins, so that she can try to save the souls of the workers at Andrew Undershaft\'92s munitions factory. 
For 10 points, name this play about the title \'93major\'94 by George Bernard Shaw.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\b\loch\fs20\i\b Major Barbara}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 6.  To the south of this building lies the historic Grange manor, which served as this building\'92s original location. This building contains a spiral wooden staircase 11 stories tall, known as the Baroque Stair, that connects Walker Court to its galleries o
f contemporary art. An abstract bronze sculpture titled }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Two Large Forms}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  sits outside one entrance to this building which houses the largest collection of works by that sculpture\'92s artist, Henry Moore. A sculpture promenade spans this building\'92s entire leng
th and contains a ribbed wooden structure in its interior. That section known as the Galleria Italia is covered on the outside by a glass facade that hangs over the street below, and which was added in its most recent renovation by Frank Gehry. For 10 poin
ts, name this building located next to the Ontario College of Art and Design, which houses the world\'92s largest collection of Canadian art.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Art Gallery of Ontario}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [or }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b AGO}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 7.  This author wrote a play in which the title character states, \'93There must be two kinds of happiness, and I\'92ve chosen the murderous kind.\'94 That character orders his servant, Helicon, to retrieve the moon, after the death of his lover, Drusilla, begins h
is descent into insanity. In another play by this author, one member of the title group fails to throw a bomb at a carriage because it contained two children, and that play ends with Dora vowing to avenge Yanek\'92s execution for killing the Grand Duke. This 
author of }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Caligula}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Just Assassins}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  wrote a work in which Jacques Orthon\'92s death troubles Father Paneloux, who helps Bernard Rieux attend to patients of the title outbreak. For 10 points, name this author of }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Plague}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  who wrote about the title chara
cter\'92s execution for shooting an Arab in }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Stranger}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: Albert }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Camus}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 8.  The perpetrator of this action went by the alias Jacques Mornard, a supposed son of a Belgian diplomat, and later assumed the false identity of a Canadian named Frank Jacson. It was previously thought that Lavrenti Beria gave the order to perform this 
action, which had been preceded by an unsuccessful machine-gun assault on the target\'92s house in Coyoacan. The perpetrator was eventually rewarded as a Hero of the Soviet Union for this action, whose target had earlier written \'93The Revolution Betrayed\'94 and 
founded the Red Army. For 10 points, name this action accomplished by Ramon Mercador using an ice pick, which eliminated a former Bolshevik leader and rival of Joseph Stalin.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b assassination}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  of Leon }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Trotsky}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 9.  In addition to sighting the occasional moose or black bear on one of the many hiking trails exploring this area, notable geographical features you may come across include Pissing Mare Falls, the highest waterfall in eastern North America. That waterfal
l then flows into Western Brook Pond, a freshwater fjord located in the Long Range Mountains which run through this site. Another notable region of this national park is known as the Tablelands, a barren desert-like area composed of peridotite rock formati
ons forced up from the Earth's mantle during a tectonic event several hundred million years ago. For 10 points, identify this second-largest national park in Atlantic Canada, situated on the west coast of Newfoundland.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Gros Morne}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  National Park}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 10.  The true nature of this molecule was discovered by Bert Vogelstein at Johns Hopkins University in 1989.  Cho et al. discovered six "hotspot" mutations, which include those at Arg-248 and Arg-273, in a section of this molecule that is held together by 
two zinc finger "loops" in a loop-sheet-helix binding motif.  Mutations in this molecule are the most common characteristic of Li-Fraumeni syndrome.  This molecule, which is repressed by MDM2, arrests the cell cycle at the G1 checkpoint when DNA is damaged
 and, in the case of unsuccessful repair, can trigger apoptosis.  For 10 points, name this tumor-suppressor protein referred to as the "guardian of the genome."}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b p53}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  }}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 11.  The protagonist of this novel recounts playing a game in which human achievements can be traded to remove human atrocities from history, called }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Blood and Roses}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 . As a child, the protagonist puts on hand-puppet shows in his school cafeteria featuring Ev
il Dad and Righteous Mom, but stops after his mother leaves the family, taking his pet rakunk, Killer, with her to the pleeblands. The protagonist is haunted by the eyes of a girl he sees on a child pornography site, whom he later believes to recognize at 
the RejoovEssence Compound. That character has been hired by a childhood friend of the protagonist\'92s, who eventually releases a disease that wipes out all humans except for Snowman, in order to make room for that title character\'92s namesake race. For 10 poi
nts, name this novel which was followed by }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Year of the Flood}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , the first in the }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i MaddAddam}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  trilogy by Margaret Atwood.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\b\loch\fs20\i\b Oryx and Crake}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 12.  This politician caused the Bedchamber Crisis when he refused to form a government unless the Queen first dismissed her ladies of the chamber, who were wives of members of the rival Whig party. This man attempted to differentiate his political stance f
rom his predecessor in the Tamworth Manifesto, which became a cornerstone for the foundation of the Conservative party. He established London\'92s first police force, though a more notable bill passed by this man came ostensibly in response to the Irish Potat
o Famine, and lifted restrictions on the import of grains. For 10 points, name this British prime minister who succeeded the Duke of Wellington and repealed the Corn Laws.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: Robert }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Peel}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 13.  In an unclassified memorandum authored by William J. Haynes II, General Counsel for the Department of Defense in during George W. Bush's presidency, he discusses the usage of inducing this mental state in members of Al-Qaeda as an interrogation techni
que. In a foundational set of experiments demonstrating this mental state, carried out by Martin Seligman and Steven Maier, dogs repeatedly exposed to uncontrolled and seemingly random electric shocks eventually stopped trying to avoid the stimulus and did
 not take any action to escape even after opportunities became available. These studies helped give rise to the theory of, for 10 points, what mental state, positing that some mental illnesses such as depression may arise from a perceived lack of control o
ver the outcome of a situation?}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b learned helplessness}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 14.  An oxazoborolidine catalyst is used in a triply-eponymous reaction of this type that is sometimes also named for Itsuno.  The alcohol product of the Cannizzaro reaction is the result of one of these reactions.  Using quinoline to poison a Lindlar cata
lyst produces alkenes in one of this type of reaction.  The Benkeser reaction is a modification of one of these reactions whose product is a 1,4-cyclohexadiene; that reaction of this type is named for Birch.  One of these reactions occurs at the cathode of
 an electrochemical cell.  For 10 points, name this type of reaction in which a molecule gains electrons that is often paired with an oxidation.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b reduction}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  reactions [accept }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b C}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 orey-}{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b B}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 akshi-}{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b S}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 hibata }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b reduction}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  or }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Corey-Itsuno reduction}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  before \'93alcohol\'94]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 15.  One of these works shows a figure clutching a spoon and grinning wildly over a bowl, while an emaciated figure leans on the table next to him. Another one of these works shows a small dog\'92s head peering up from behind a brown hill against a lighter br
own background. These works which include }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Two Old Men Eating Soup}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Dog}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  were originally painted on the walls of the Quinta del Sordo. In another work in this series, a girl in a black outfit sits a little apart from the title group, who are all watch
ing the silhouette of a black goat. The most famous work from this series shows a bloody, headless corpse being held up by the title figure who is about to take a bite out of its arm. For 10 points, name this series of fourteen paintings including }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Witches\'92
 Sabbath}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Saturn Devouring His Son}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , painted by Francisco Goya.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: the }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Black Paintings}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  of Francisco Goya [prompt on \'93paintings by Goya\'94 or similar answers]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 16.  The British establishment of this city led to a war named after Father La Loutre, who led a tribe that participated in the Burying The Hatchet Ceremony in this city.  In May 1805, Andrew Mitchell's conscription of men this city led to its namesake imp
ressment riot.  This city, whose province was governed by Premier Charles Tupper at Confederation, instituted a naval convoy system from Bedford Basin during World War I, during which a certain disaster occurred between the SS Imo and the SS Mont Blanc.  F
or 10 points, name this city in which a collision set off the Mont Blanc's munitions cargo, causing a namesake 1917 harbour explosion.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Halifax}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 17.  A sequence of equicontinuous functions with a special form of this property is the subject of the Arzela-Ascoli theorem.   If a function's effect on the distance metric has this property, then the function is Lipschitz continuous.  Only the constant f
unction is holomorphic and has this property according to Liouville's theorem.  Closed subsets of a finite-dimensional Euclidean space are compact if and only if they  have this property according to the Heine-Borel theorem, while every sequence of this ty
pe in that space has a convergent subsequence according to the Bolzano-Weierstrass theorem.  The infimum and supremum are the tightest parameters for a set with this property.  For 10 points, name this set property in which every member of the set lies bet
ween a minimum and maximum value.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b bounded}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ness [accept word forms, accept \'93uniform }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b bounded}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ness\'94 before \'93Lipschitz\'94]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 18.  Late in his career, this composer paired an oboe concerto with five violin concertos, the E minor second of which he named "the favourite."  Second movements marked "largo e spiccato" feature in several of a set of twelve works by this composer that w
ere later partially reworked into Bach's two concerti for solo organ.  This composer of }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i L'Estro Armonico}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  composed a collection of works that include an E flat major concerto representing a storm, \'93La Tempesta Di Mare.\'94  That collection by this composer als
o includes a piece where the solo violin plays staccato sixteenth notes to represent trembling in the cold in contrast to an earlier piece where it represents the singing of birds.  For 10 points, name this Italian composer whose}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i  Contest Between Harmony An
d Invention}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  includes }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Four Seasons}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  Antonio }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Vivaldi}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 19.  A poetry collection named for this character includes a poem that describes \'93the burnt-out ends of smoky days\'94 and another in which the speaker notes, \'93This music is successful with a \'91dying fall\'92\'94 and which takes its epigraph from }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Jew of Malta}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 . T
hose poems are \'93Preludes\'94 and \'93Portrait of a Lady\'94. This character describes himself as \'93politic, cautious, and meticulous\'94 and compares himself to John the Baptist, saying, \'93I have seen my head (grown slightly bald) brought in upon a platter\'94. This charac
ter asks, \'93Do I dare/Disturb the universe?\'94 and wonders if he should eat a peach, in a work that repeats the lines, \'93In the room the women come and go/Talking of Michelangelo.\'94 For 10 points, name this speaker of a \'93love song\'94 by T. S. Eliot.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: J. Alfred }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Prufrock}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 20.  One god of this thing specifically uses this thing to draw the underworld serpent Veles out of hiding, while a story in Native American mythology tells how Kwatee triggers a great flood by angering a being associated with this thing.  A Hindu god of t
his domain rides the elephant Airavata and is the twin brother of Agni, and a kami of this domain is said to steal the navels of children during certain events and has a brother that keeps the winds in a bag.  A Norse god of this domain drives a chariot dr
awn by Tanngrisnir and Tanngnjostr, a pair of goats, and will kill and be killed by Jormungandr at Ragnarok.  For 10 points, name this domain ruled by deities such as Perun, Raijin, Indra, and the wielder of Mjollnir, Thor.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b thunder}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  gods [or }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b lightning}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  gods]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 TB1.  In one story, one of these people meets an old woman who eats only pigeon eggs and spins spider silk into a magical thread; that example of these people rescues Curdie from a cave where he has been imprisoned by the goblin queen, in a George Macdonal
d novel about one of these people \'93and the Goblin\'94. In another novel titled for one of these people, the title character befriends a monkey belonging to Ram Dass, and is forced to live with Becky in the attic of Miss Minchin\'92s boarding school after receivi
ng news of Captain Crewe\'92s death. In addition to that novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett, another novel titled for one of these people features episodes in the Fire Swamp and the Cliffs of Insanity, in which the title character escapes from her wedding to Pr
ince Humperdinck with the help of Fezzik, Inigo Montoya, and Westley. For 10 points, name these people which title a novel about Buttercup by William Goldman.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b princesses}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [accept }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\b\loch\fs20\i\b Princess and the Goblin}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i A }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\b\loch\fs20\i\b Little Princess}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , or }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\b\loch\fs20\i\b Princess Bride}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ; prompt on \'93brides\'94]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 TB2.  A portion of one group of these people dubbed "the sacred eleven" was imprisoned at Los Banos during World War II after allied losses at Bataan and Corregidor, and Douglas MacArthur liberated sixty-seven members of that group of these people from San
 Tomas.  The NACGN, an association for African-Americans with this occupation, was co-founded by Mary Mahoney, an early graduate of this occupation.  An earlier person with this occupation, whose members comprised the aforementioned \'93Angels of Bataan,\'94 ide
ntified the dead at Andersonville Prison Camp and apocryphally dislodged a bullet with a pocket knife at Antietam, earning her the moniker "The Angel of the Battlefield."  For 10 points, name this occupation of Clara Barton, the founder of the American Red
 Cross.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b nurse}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 s}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [Note to moderator: the italicized \'91a\'92s are variables and should be pronounced like the letter a, not the indefinite article a]}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 TB3.  One way to define this function is as the limit of 1 divided by }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i a}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  multiplied by sinc ("sinch") quantity }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i x}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  divided by }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i a}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  as }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i a}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  goes to zero. The Laplace transform for this function is equal to "e to the quantity minus }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i a}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i s}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 " thanks to this function's sift
ing property.  A discrete version of this function is also called the substitution tensor but is usually named for Leopold Kronecker.  This function is the derivative of the Heaviside step function and can be duplicated at regular intervals in a namesake "
comb."  For 10 points, name this function of the real numbers used to model impulses that is undefined at zero and zero everywhere else and is named for an English physicist.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Dirac delta}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  function [prompt on \'93delta function,\'94 accept }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b impulse}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  function before \'93impulses\'94]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\b\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\b 
\par \page\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\b\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b Bonuses}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 1.  Among this group of people was Polybus, son of Polyctor.  For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Name this group of 108 men who attempt to court a woman who delays them with such tactics as continually weaving and unweaving a burial shroud for her father-in-law until her husband Odysseus\'92 return.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Penelope}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 \'92s }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b suitor}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 s [or the }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Proci}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ; accept clear-knowledge equivalents]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Polybus was himself the father of this suitor of Penelope, the lover of her servant Melantho.  After Odysseus kills Antonius, who this man plotted with to kill Telemachus, he tries to persuade him to spare his life.  Spoiler alert: it doesn\'92t work.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Eurymachus}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10]  Eventually, all of Penelope\'92s suitors are killed by Odysseus and Telemachus with the help of two servants, a cowherd and a swineherd who win their freedom for their loyalty to Odysseus.  Name either one.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Philoetus}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Eumaeus}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 2.  The highest example of one of these is located on the border between Argentina and Chile. For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Name this geological feature, typically referring to an opening in the Earth's crust through which molten lava, ash, and gases escape from a subsurface magma chamber.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b volcano}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] This aforementioned highest volcano in the world sits at 6893 m in the Andes and is named for the salt deposit lagoons present in its glaciers.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Ojos del Salado}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] One argument for the categorization of the Ojos del Salado stratovolcano as a \'91historically active' one is the presence of these openings on it, through which steam and gases such as carbon dioxide and hydrogen chloride are emitted.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b fumaroles}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 3.  One author from this country asked, \'93Is Religion Possible?\'94 in his philosophical work }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Reconstruction of Religious Thought in Islam}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 . For 10 points each:}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] Name this home country of that poet of such works as the }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Shikwa}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Wings of Gabriel}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , as well as of the author of the more recent novels, }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Reluctant Fundamentalist}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Pakistan}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Pakistani authors, such as the aforementioned Mohammed Iqbal and Mohsin Ahmed, often write in this official language which has many similarities to Hindi.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Urdu}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Pakistani author Krishan Chander was highly prolific in this form. English writers well-known for this prose form include O. Henry and Alice Munro.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b short story}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 4.  You\'92re Meghan Torchia and you\'92ve just gone to hell.  Answer these questions about the 20th century classical music that you\'92ll be subjected to for the rest of eternity for 10 points each.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] You\'92ll probably start by meeting up with this American composer who will fill your first 640 years with his }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i As Slow As Possible}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .  You probably know him better for a work that consists of complete silence, }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i 4\'9233\'94}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: John }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Cage}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] If you manage to survive that, then maybe Cage will entertain you with a rendition of his 18-hour premiere of this Erik Satie piece.  Meant for piano, the music takes up a single sheet of paper with the instruction to repeat it 840 times.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\b\loch\fs20\i\b Vexations}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] Once Cage is done with you, you can go crazy listening to the sounds of Gyorgy Legeti\'92s }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Poeme symphonique}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , which consists of one hundred of these unusual instruments playing at various speeds.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b metronome}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 s }}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 5.  Though eventually absorbed by the broader War of the Austrian Succession, this unusually-named conflict between Great Britain and Spain lasted from 1739 to 1748. For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Fought mainly in New Granada and the Caribbean, this war was named after a 1731 incident during which a Spanish patrol boat commander boarded the British brig Rebecca and mutilated its captain.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b War of Jenkins' Ear}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] While the severed ear may have provided an opportunity to go to war against the Spanish Empire, the real issue at hand was the breakdown of negotiations over contracts for permission to sell slaves in Spanish America, otherwise known by this term.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b asiento}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] The conflict ended with the signing of this treaty in 1748 that also ended the War of the Austrian Succession.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: Treaty of }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Aix-la-Chapelle}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [or Treaty of }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Aachen}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 6.  Answer these questions about permanently neutral countries for 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] This proverbial neutral power is the oldest neutral country in the world since its neutrality was declared by the Treaty of Paris in 1815.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Switzerland}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] This doubly landlocked Central European nation has been neutral since its army was dissolved in 1868.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Liechtenstein}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] The Lateran Treaty signed in 1929 with Italy imposed permanent neutrality on this country in addition to "abstention from mediation in a controversy unless specifically requested by all parties".}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Vatican City}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 7.  After this argument is presented, one figure attempts to resolve this problem by proposing that forms are thoughts that exist only in the mind, and when that also fails, that forms are patterns in nature which sensible things imitate. For 10 points eac
h:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] Name this argument first presented in the dialogue }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Parmenides}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  in which that title speaker constructs a hierarchy of infinite regress to demonstrate problems with the theory of forms.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b third man argument}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [accept similarly phrased answers]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch  }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] This author of the {\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Parmenides}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and student of Socrates presented his theory of forms in such dialogues as }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Phaedo}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and his book, }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Republic}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Plato}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] In this other Socratic dialogue, Socrates meets the title figure in the magistrate\'92s court, where he has come to respond to Meletus\'92 charge of impiety while the title figure has come to lay murder charges against his father. The central dilemna concer
ns whether piety is that which is loved by the gods, or whether the gods love piety because it is pious.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\b\loch\fs20\i\b Euthyphro}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 8.  One author with this first name recently published the poetry collection }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Under the Keel}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and wrote a novel spanning six generations of the inhabitants of Paradise Deep, Newfoundland. For 10 points each:}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] Give this shared first name of the author of }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Galore}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , as well as the protagonist of, and the author of, }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Cat\'92s Table}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Michael}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] One poem in Michael Crummey\'92s }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Under the Keel}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  imagines one of these creatures as a \'93little punk\'94 \'93[o]n some ocean corner\'94. At the beginning of }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Galore}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , a stranger is cut out of the belly of one of these creatures.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b whale}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] Michael Ondaatje, author of }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Cat\'92s Table}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , also wrote this novel in which the title character is actually the explorer Count Almasy, whose severe burns are the result of his attempt to recover the body of his dead lover, Katharine Clifton.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\b\loch\fs20\i\b English Patient}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 9.  The Arthur-Merlin protocol is one example of these systems. For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Name this computational model in which a verifier exchanges messages with a prover to determine whether to accept its input. The prover is usually an unreliable oracle, while the verifier is computationally bounded.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b interactive proof}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  systems}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Shamir first showed that the class of problems solvable by an interactive proof system, IP, is equal to this class. A more recent proof showed that the quantum analog, QIP, is also equal to this class which contains problems such as regular language i
ntersection and checkers.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b PSPACE}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] A simpler example of a proof system is the verifier-based definition of this class, in which a polynomial-length proof string is given to a deterministic Turing machine to be verified in polynomial time. An open problem concerns the equivalence of thi
s class with P.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b NP}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 10.  The information-processing perspective posits three principal stages of this mental faculty: encoding, storage, and retrieval. For ten points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Name this term referring to the capacity of the mind to store and remember information.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b memory}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] These types of memories are vivid episodic (that is, autobiographical) memories of highly emotional and unique experiences. One example of these could be "what you were doing when you heard about the death of Michael Jackson".}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b flashbulb}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20   memories}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] People with this condition have a very detailed autobiographical memory,and are prone to spending excessive amounts of time thinking about their past due to the uncontrollable nature of their ability.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b hyperthymesia}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [or }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b hyperthymestic syndrome}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  or }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b highly superior autobiographical memory}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 11.  Answer some questions about some similarly named characters, for 10 points each.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] The rakish Sir Clement Willoughby fails to come between the title character and Lord Orville in this author\'92s novel }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Evelina}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , in which the title character is eventually acknowledged by Sir John Belmont as his legitimate daughter. This author\'92s novel }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Ce
cilia}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  may have provided the title for }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Pride and Prejudice}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: Fanny (Frances) }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Burney}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Burney was much admired by Jane Austen, whose character John Willoughby appears as Marianne\'92s initial love interest in this novel about the Dashwood sisters. Willoughby eventually spurns Marianne to marry the far richer Miss Grey.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\b\loch\fs20\i\b Sense and Sensibility}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] Another Austen contemporary, Charlotte Smith, created a Willoughby with this first name who abandons his love, Celestina, the night before their wedding. This is also the first name of Emma\'92s Mr. Knightley, and of Amelia\'92s first husband Osborne in }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Van
ity Fair}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b George}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 12.  Five of these objects were excavated from Roskilde, Denmark in the 1960s, where they had apparently been used centuries earlier to guard against invasion.  For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Name these objects, examples of which include the skeid and the smaller karvi, that were notably used by rulers like Canute The Great in his conquest of England.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  Viking }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b longship}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 s [prompt on partial answers like \'93ships\'94 or \'93boats\'94]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Longships differed from smaller transport vessels like the knarr, which was famously used for Leif Erikson\'92s 11th century journey to this first North American Norse settlement in what is now Northern Newfoundland.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Vinland}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] In 1960, evidence of the Norse discovery of Vinland was found by Anne Ingstad at this archaeological site on the northern tip of Newfoundland.  Ingstad\'92s team discovered the remains of an entire Norse village at this site, which has since been declare
d a UNESCO World Heritage Site.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  L\'92}}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Anse aux Meadows}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 13.  Although Australia has an abundance of things that can kill you, many of them lurk in geographical features of unparalleled beauty! For ten points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] This world's largest single structure made by living organisms is located off the coast of Queensland and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Great Barrier Reef}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Another Australian UNESCO World Heritage Site is a national park that is partly named for and includes this formation held sacred by the local Anangu people. Located in the Northern Territory, this sandstone inselberg was originally made of sediment d
eposited by an alluvial fan.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Uluru}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  or }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Ayers Rock}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] The aforementioned national park is also named for and includes this other geographical formation, a group of 36 bornhardts, or large domed rock formations made of conglomerate.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Kata Tjuta}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  (JOO-ta) or }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Mount Olga}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [accept }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b The Olgas}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 14.  The Born-Oppenheimer approximation can be applied to find these things in molecular systems more complicated than the hydrogen atom.  For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Name these entities whose modulus can be used to describe the probability of finding an electron at a given location.  These entities are the solutions to the Schrodinger equation.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b wavefunction}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 s}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] For a hydrogen atom, the radial portion of the wavefunctions contain a spherical harmonic and one of these polynomials corresponding to the first three quantum numbers.  These polynomials are the solutions to their namesake frenchman\'92s second-order li
near differential equation.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Laguerre}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  polynomials}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] The Hartree-Fock method is commonly used to approximate the wavefunction for the helium atom because the interactions between its electrons and nucleus are modeled as one of these systems containing one more element than the hydrogen atom.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b three-body}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  system [also accept }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b many-body}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  system]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 15.  FIFA World Cup 2014 fever reaches its peak temperature tomorrow! In our excitement for insert team here and insert other team here making it to the final, let\'92s talk about athletes who bite--literally! For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] This unrepentant Urugayan football player was recently handed down a 4-month and 9-game ban after biting Italian player Giorgio Chiellini during a match. He was also fined \'a366,000--which, for your interest, is about a third of what he makes in a week.
}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: Luis }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Su\'e1rez}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] When he said \'93I\'92d do it again\'94, Mike \'91The Bite\'92 Tyson was referring to a 1997 match during which he bit off a chunk of this other boxer\'92s ear.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: Evander }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Holyfield}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Not all instances of biting are displays of aggression.  In 2001, Sevilla FC player Fransisco Gallardo was so overjoyed by team member Jose Antonio Reyes\'92 scoring of a goal that he bit this part of him.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b genitals}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b  }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [accept reasonable and humorous equivalents]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 16.  A notable dynasty that arose in the 8th century Indonesian archipelago, the Sailendras ruled for nearly 4 centuries. For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] While origins in Sumatra, India, or Cambodia have been posited, more recent work suggests that the Sailendran Dynasty arose in the Kedu Plain of this Indonesian island.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Java}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] As ardent promoters of Mahayana Buddhism, the Sailendras covered Central Java with Buddhist monuments, including this largest Buddhist temple in the world.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Borobudur}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] The dynasty ended with Sangramavijayottungga in 1025, when the capital of Srivijaya was attacked and captured by this south Indian dynasty.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Chola}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  dynasty}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 17.  One resident of this city hung a scarlet rope outside her house before it was conquered.  For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Name this city whose fall was preceded by Rahab\'92s sheltering of two Israelite spies.  Joshua famously  marched around its walls seven times before conquering it.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Jericho}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] After marching around the walls of Jericho, Joshua\'92s army performed this action, causing its walls to fall. Jews traditionally recite the Shema then perform this action to end Yom Kippur.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b blowing}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  the }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b shofar}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [accept clear-knowledge equivalents that imply making noise with some kind of horn]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] The recitation of the Shema and blowing of the shofar are part of this final Yom Kippur prayer service, whose name refers to the \'93closing\'94 of the Gates of Prayer.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Ne\'92ila}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 18.  A parrot in this novel only knows how to ask, \'93Qui est la?\'94 and answer, \'93Che Coco\'94, and that bird dies when his clipped wings prevent him from escaping from the burning Coulibri estate. For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Name this novel in which Antoinette is married to an English gentleman who eventually locks her up in the attic of Thornfield Hall.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\b\loch\fs20\i\b Wide Sargasso Sea}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] In this author\'92s novella, }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Final Solution}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , an unnamed detective-turned-beekeeper helps a mute Jewish boy find his lost parrot. This author also wrote }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Yiddish Policemen\'92s Union}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and a novel in which Sammy and Joe write and illustrate superhero st
ories.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: Michael }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Chabon}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Captain Flint is the pet parrot of Long John Silver in this Robert Louis Stevenson novel, in which Jim Hawkins finds a map to the title place.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\b\loch\fs20\i\b Treasure Island}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 19.  Answer some questions about Okazaki fragments and DNA replication for 10 points each.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Okazaki fragments form on this strand of DNA where replication, which occurs in the 5\'92-3\'92 [five prime to three prime] direction, moves away from the replication fork, unlike on the leading strand.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b lagging}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  strand}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] After the Okazaki fragments have been created, this enzyme goes through them, removes their RNA primers and replaces them with DNA, the latter activity being known as nick translation.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: DNA }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b pol}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ymerase }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b I}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [prompt on \'93DNA polymerase\'94]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10]  In }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i E. coli}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 , DNA Polymerase I can be cleaved by subtilisin to isolate this large fragment that no longer contains the 5\'92-3\'92 exonuclease activity.  This fragment contains both the 5\'92-3\'92 polymerase and reverse-direction 3\'92-5\'92 exonuclease activities and 
comprises residues 324-928 of the enzyme.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Klenow}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  fragment}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 20.  The title figure wears a purple tunic and holds a tambourine in this artist\'92s painting, }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Lady Hamilton as a Bacchante}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 . For 10 points each:}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] Name this French artist who painted two sisters in pink and blue dresses in her portrait, }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Grand Duchesses Alexandra and Elena Pavlovna}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and who created many paintings of Marie Antoinette.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: Madame Louise \'c9lisabeth Vig\'e9e }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Lebrun}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] Vig\'e9e Lebrun painted in this elaborate ornamental style which was later replaced by Neoclassicism. Other works in this style include Francois Boucher\'92s }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Portrait of Madame Pompadour}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Rococo}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] This other Rococo artist depicted a group of people sitting under a statue of a nymph in }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i The Love Lesson}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  and also painted }{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Embarkation for Cythera}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: Jean-Antoine }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Watteau}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 21.  This poem describes \'93an invisible procession going by/with exquisite music\'94, and instructs, \'93go firmly to the window/and listen with deep emotion, but not/with the whining, the pleas of a coward.\'94 For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Name this poem which asks the reader to \'93say goodbye to her, the Alexandria that is leaving\'94.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b \'93The God Abandons Anthony\'94}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] This Greek poet of \'93The God Abandons Anthony\'94 asked, \'93Why this sudden restlessness, this confusion?\'94, referring to the title group as \'93a kind of solution\'94, in his poem \'93Waiting for the Barbarians\'94.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: Constantine P. }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Cavafy}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  [or Konstantinos Petrou }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Kavafis}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 [10] This other Greek poet\'92s namesake verse form is made up of three lines of eleven syllables, followed by one line of five syllables. She lived on the isle of Lesbos and wrote }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\i\loch\fs20\i Hymn to Aphrodite}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 .}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Sappho}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 22.  The Soviet Union's efforts to seal itself and its dependent states led to an ideological and physical barrier that divided Europe from the end of World War II to the end of the Cold War. Answer some questions about the Iron Curtain, for 10 points each
:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Nations on the eastern side of the boundary made this military alliance in 1955, formally known as the Treaty of Friendship, Co-operation, and Mutual Assistance with the Soviet Union as the leading nation.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Warsaw Pact}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] While many of the Eastern Bloc countries were managed by Soviet-installed governments, this socialist federal republic maintained full independence.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Yugoslavia}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] The fall of the Iron Curtain occurred in this year after the election of the anti-communist Solidarity organization into 99% of available parliamentary seats in Poland triggered a series of mostly peaceful anti-communist revolutions in Central and Eas
tern Europe.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER: }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b 1989}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 23.  This work ended with its speaker offering one $1,000 prize for building an electric motor no bigger than 1/64 inches cubed and another for developing the technology to enable the central topic of this work.  For 10 points each:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] Name this 1959 talk that revolves around shrinking the information in Encyclopedia Britannica so that it can be written on the head of a pin.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  \'93}}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b There\'92s Plenty Of Room At The Bottom}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 \'94}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] \'93There\'92s Plenty Of Room At The Bottom\'94 was a talk given by this physicist at Caltech in 1959, a few years before the release of his three-volume namesake Lectures On Physics.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  Richard }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b Feynman}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs20\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs20\lang1033\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 [10] In \'93There\'92s Plenty Of Room At The Bottom,\'94 Feynman suggested that the information could be written by reversing the lenses on one of these devices that normally works by using beams of subatomic particles to create magnified images.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 ANSWER:  }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b electron microscope}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20 s [prompt on partial answers; accept more specific answers like }{\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\b\loch\fs20\b scanning electron microscope}{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs20\loch\fs20  even if they hadn\'92t been invented yet]}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af0\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af0\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par }